Add O365DefenderSafeLinks  atp-policy-get and  atp-policy-set commands (#24439)
demisto/content: Packs/Microsoft365Defender/Integrations/O365DefenderSafeLinks/README.md

* Allow up to 30 minutes for a new or updated policy to be applied.
* Organization - be sure to use an `.onmicrosoft.com` domain in the Organization parameter value. Otherwise, you might encounter cryptic permission issues when you run commands in the app context.

### o365-defender-safelinks-atp-policy-get
***

> Get APT policy. In order to manage BlockURLs please use the command o365-defender-safelinks-global-url-blocklist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the APT policy. In order to manage BlockURLs, use the o365-defender-safelinks-global-url-blocklist command .
```

#### Base Command

`o365-defender-safelinks-atp-policy-get`
#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.Name | String | ATP policy name. | 
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.AdminDisplayName | String | ATP policy admin display name. | 

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.EnableATPForSPOTeamsODB | String | ATP policy enable for SPOT teams. | 

Reviewer: Should this be:
Whether the ATP policy was enabled for SPOT teams.

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.AllowSafeDocsOpen | String | ATP policy allow safe docs open. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.AllowSafeDocsOpen | String | Whether the ATP policy allows safe docs open. | 
```

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.EnableSafeDocs | String | ATP policy enable safe docs. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.EnableSafeDocs | String | Whether the ATP policy enables safe docs. | 
```

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.Identity | String | ATP policy id. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.Identity | String | ATP policy ID. | 
```

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.IsValid | String | Is ATP policy valid. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.IsValid | String | Is the ATP policy valid. | 
```

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.WhenCreatedUTC | String | When ATP policy created. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.WhenCreatedUTC | String | When the ATP policy was created in UTC format. | 
```

> | O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.WhenChangedUTC | String | When ATP policy changed. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| O365Defender.SafeLinks.AtpPolicy.WhenChangedUTC | String | When the ATP policy was changed in UTC format. | 
```

### o365-defender-safelinks-atp-policy-set
***

> Set ATP policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the ATP policy.
```

#### Base Command

`o365-defender-safelinks-atp-policy-set`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | allow_safe_docs_open | Toggle mode for allow open safe documents. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allow_safe_docs_open | Whether to allow opening safe documents. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 
```

> | enable_atp_spo_teams_odb | Toggle mode for enable_atp_spo_teams_odb. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_atp_spo_teams_odb | Whether the ATP policy was enabled for SPOT teams. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 
```

> | enable_safe_docs | Toggle mode for enable_safe_docs. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| enable_safe_docs | Whether to enable safe docs. Possible values are: true, false. | Optional | 
```
